Who is it? It's me, Chen Yao.
What's wrong, Zhang Feng? My chest hurts.
Both sides hurt
Uh, give me your hand first, and I'll buy you a mic.
Patient Symptoms Double anti-cyst
Infinitely close to the early stage of cancer
Cure 24-needle cancer-prone acupuncture and moxibustion
With Marrow Cleansing Method
Effective in one month
We also need to use the marrow cleansing method
Why not?
But now I'm going to move on.
Well, you have cysts on both sides
You should know this, right?
Professional for you
I went to the hospital in town to ask
It's just that the treatment fee in a big hospital is too expensive.
I touched it myself.
Two on the left, three on the right.
It's the size of a thumb.
It hurts to touch.
Why don't you touch it?